the summer season has started and
displaced people are facing extremely
challenging living conditions in
makeshift tents the tents are made of
sheets nylon and other materials they
become unbearable to live in as the
weather gets
warmer the temperature inside the tents
is often higher than
outside Palestinian families here in
Kaza are struggling to
cope this is posing a serious risk to
the lives of children and the elderly
especially those with chronic
illnesses we're experiencing extreme
heat which is unbearable during winter
we endured freezing temperatures as you
can see the tent is made up of nylon
there's very little between us and our
neighbors summer has brought many
challenges insects cockroaches Rats the
temperature has increased when it's 40°
outside the temperature inside the tents
can reach 50° we urgently appeal to the
International Community to help us in
this dire
situation living in these tents is
simply untenable we lack food water and
basic necessities sometimes we only have
a small amount of drinking water fresh
water is Out Of Reach we long for even
just a breath of fresh air or Breeze the
situation is
unbearable these are the dire conditions
in which displaced Palestinians are
living living in they are not safe from
the heat cold or the spread of disease
and
insects
shalaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer